I'm Peppa Pig.This
is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Cleaning the Car!
Daddy Pig is taking the family
for a drive in the country.
Come on!
ls everyone ready?
Ready!
Yes, Daddy Pig, We're ready.
But the car isn't ready!
Look how messy it is!
Oh, it's not too bad.
You should see how
messy it is inside!
Oh!
Naughty, messy Daddy!
Look at all this rubbish!
Newspapers!
They're mine.
Sweets!
They're mine!
Mr. Dinosaur!
Dine-saw! Grrrr!
We must clean the car
before We go for a drive.
Oh, right you are, Mummy Pig.
Mummy, can We help to clean the car?
Yes, if you Want to.
Hurray!
Daddy Pig has some Warm
soapy Water to Wash the car.
Daddy pig
is Washing the roof.
Mummy Pig is
Washing the bonnet.
Peppa is Washing the doors.
George Wants to Wash the Windows.
But he is too little.
Poor George. Let me help you.
Oh, dear! George has
dropped his sponge
in a muddy puddle.
George, you're making the
car all muddy again!
I Will Wash the mud off.
Peppa, don't use the...muddy Water.
Oh, dear! Peppa has thrown
the muddy Water
all over the car.
Oh.
Never mind.
We can use the garden
hose to clean it off.
Yes! Yes!
Can I hold the hose?
Peppa holds the hose and
Daddy Pig turns on the Water.
Where's the Water?
Wahhh!
Arrgh! Peppa! Stop!
Sorry, Mummy.
Oh.
Argh! Daddy Pig! Please
turn off the Water!
Oh! No need to panic.
Oh, dear, everyone is Wet.
At least the
car has been Washed.
We've all been Washed.
You go and dry yourselves
While I polish the car.
See you later.
Daddy Pig is polishing
the car so Well,
he can see his face in it.
What a funny face!
Oh! More funny faces!
It's Peppa and George!
And Mummy Pig.
What a Iovely, shiny car.
Yes, I am a bit of an
expert at these things.
Come on, I'll drive today.
ls everybody ready?
Ready!
Then lets go!
I hope you Will all keep
this car clean today.
Yes, Mummy Pig.
Arrgh!
Mummy, now you've made
the car all muddy again.
Naughty Mummy.
Naughty, messy Mummy.